Update Hook Guides with Basic Auth updates (#4453)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/main/index.md

   `https://your-glitch-projectname.glitch.me/registrationHook`

1. <HookBasicAuthStep/> <HookOAuthNote/>

1. Click **Save**.

> 1. In your Glitch project, click **Logs**. If your set up is successful, a "Your app is listening on port {XXXX}" message appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Glitch project, click **Logs**. If your setup is successful, a "Your app is listening on port {XXXX}" message appears.
```
